fix: unpivot by converting all targeted columns to float (#1516)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: server/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - PyPika: Fixed "unpivot" step for mixin types by adding intermediate ConvertStep

Author: or 
```suggestion
- PyPika: Fixed "unpivot" step for mixin column types by adding intermediate convert step
```
?

Author: Thanks, updated here : [`b3c0f14` (#1516)](https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/pull/1516/commits/b3c0f14b61fb969b73ca839053ec888e541d0a52)
